agdaRTS.primSeq S
agdaRTS.primIntegerFromString I
agdaRTS.uprimIntegerPlus IPlus
agdaRTS.uprimIntegerMinus IMinus
agdaRTS.uprimIntegerMultiply IMul
agdaRTS.uprimIntegerEqual IEq
agdaRTS.uprimIntegerGreaterOrEqualThan IGE
agdaRTS.uprimIntegerLessThan ILT
agdaRTS.primFloatPlus FPlus
agdaRTS.primFloatMinus FMinus
agdaRTS.primFloatTimes FMul
agdaRTS.primFloatDiv FDiv
agdaRTS.primShowFloat show
jAgda.Data.Fin.Base.fromℕ natToFin
jAgda.Data.Fin.Base.toℕ finToNat
jAgda.Data.Maybe.Base.Maybe.just J
jAgda.Reactive.WidgetEdit.modLeft ML
jAgda.Reactive.WidgetEdit.modRight MR
jAgda.Reactive.WidgetEdit.click click
jAgda.Reactive.WidgetEdit.toggle toggle
jAgda.Reactive.WidgetEdit.setEntry SE
jAgda.Reactive.WidgetEdit.select select
jAgda.Reactive.main main


